TIER1 Security Event Monitoring Analyst
Intro-
One such recent project is setting up SIEM for my network using a Raspberry Pi. I spend my free time reading either about latest tech advancements or interesting stories from the past. 
I participate in competitions and listen to technology podcasts to keep myself updated. I like to automate small tasks I repeat daily. I set up webpages to simplify tasks, like remote decryption of my raspberry pi. 
I write about my findings and experiences on platforms like LinkedIn and my website.


Alternate Elevator Speech-
My name is Suchit. I am a final year student with a major in Electronics and minor in Computers, graduating from Shiv Nadar University, Delhi on May 26th. I am from Visakhapatnam. 
I am passionate about cybersecurity, and have worked on various personal and academic projects on the same. I completed my IBM Cybersecurity Analyst certification. 
I worked as an Automation Intern at Irdeto, a cybersecurity company, for 3 months. There, I learned about security in set-top-boxes (Conditional access CA and Digital Rights Management DRM). 
I did many projects but never had the opportunity to work in a company that contributes to the society. After reading the job description of this role, it seemed like a good fit. And that's what brings me here for this exciting opportunity.

Passion story-
When I was in my intermediate, I wanted to gain access to Wi-Fi to download some large games. So, I looked into Wi-Fi hacking, and was successfully able to get into one of my neighbour's Wi-Fi network. 
Ofcourse I told the neighbours about this later. But this made me realise how easy it was to gain access to someone's network. So, I started to look for ways to defend myself against such attacks.
Around the same time, my college provided us with tablets. I was the one who cracked the software they used to lock it so that me and my friends can play games on it.

Strengths and Weaknesses -
I always meet deadlines, but I start working on it as the deadline approaches. But I started doing that work as soon as it is given, in small chunks to manage time better.
I like documenting what I do.

Related personal projects -
Setting up a honeypot using open canary to monitor my Raspberry Pi for unauthorized access attempts or non-malicious connection attempts.
Trying to setup a security monitoring system on the raspberry pi using ELK siem.

About Deloitte-
Deloitte is one of the four big accounting organizations that offer professional services to global clients. 
It is a UK-based multinational professional services provider that provides consulting, financial advisory, audit, risk advisory, legal and tax services.
For us, good isn't good enough. We aim to be the best at all that we do—to help clients realize their ambitions, to make a positive difference in society.

What do you like about Deloitte? -
I read about Deloitte University, which has live classrooms and continuous learning. I find it very beneficial to employees. 


Any questions for us - 
Do you get opportunities for skill development at Deloitte?

Round 1: Tech (7th May 2024)
Interviewed by - Tejaswini Dandamudi, Jenny Swaroop Modugu
Started at 3:30PM
Ended at 4:12PM

Round 2: Tech (10th May 2024)
Interviewed by - Venu Gopal Ramagiri and Saravanan Kalyanasundaram
Started at 4:30PM
Ended at 5:05PM

Round 3: BI Round - In person/Virtual - GCS (21st May 2024)
At Deloitte USI, RMZ Infinity Tower, Sector 18.
HR - Bhavana Khanna, Shreya Makhija
Interviewed by Ravindra Sandepudi

What siem did you try to install on your pi? Did you try wazuh?
Where do you see yourself in 2 years? What about certifications and masters?
Why do you find blue team more intriguing? You find blue team challenging, but it is also stressful. How will you handle that?
Now you get to explore different technologies. But in a job, you will have to stick with one tool. How do you plan to deal with that?