I wanted to install kali linux on raspberry pi to work on the NAND memory forensics project.
I did not have access to a monitor, so I searched for alternatives, and found that ssh and vnc can be used.
In the beginning, I just installed the raspberry pi imager tool and just flashed the kali os from 
"other specific purpose OS". But, I found out that in versions after April 2023, headless installation
became a hassle. The default credentials "pi" and "raspberry" were removed and no default user was created.
And SSH was disabled after the Mirai outbreak in IoT devices.

The connections I made were ethernet between the pi boared and laptop, and power supply to the pi. 
Putty installation is also required. The first hurdle I faced was after flashing the image. 
I went to network and sharing center in control panel. Clicked on the Wi-Fi connection. Then went to sharing inside
properties. I had to enable both the check boxes there. Then select your ethernet connection from the dropdown.
This will provide the ip address of 192.168.137.1 to the ethernet connection by default. Or else you can change the
ip manually by setting static ip and 255.255.255.0 as netmask for the ethernet connection visible as unidentified network.

Once this is done, you need the pi board's ip address. So, we will use apps like Advanced IP scanner/Angry IP scanner. 
This can be easily done using nmap also. Once you open one of the above apps, just scan from 192.168.137.0 to 192.168.137.255. 
One will be your laptop, and one should be a raspberry device. That is the ip of 
the pi board. Try using ping <ip> to check if it is reachable. I received a response.

So, all was well until here, so I gave the same IP address inside putty. If everything is correct, you will be asked 
to accept the certificate. After doing this, it will ask you the username and password. Figuring this out took a long 
time as I got confused with the ones set in the imager tool using advanced options (Ctrl+Shift+X). 
I found out it was incorrect the hard way.

What finally worked was the default credentials kali and kali for any kali image.
